W-14038254-TelemetryExporter-SY (#257)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/telemetry-exporter.adoc

== Export Anypoint Platform Data to Third-Party Apps

> The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] and _trace data_ to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Datadog and Splunk.

Author: ```suggestion
The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk.
```

//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

> To use Telemetry Exporter, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as the frequency of data transfers. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify the frequency of data transfers. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

```

== Before You Begin

> Before you configure Telemetry Exporter, ensure that you have:

Author: ```suggestion
Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:
```

* An Anypoint Platform account with the (permission) and (permission) permissions
* The ability to create an access token for your third-party app

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]
```

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

> == Manage Connections
> 
> Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 
> 
> == Create a Connection

Author: ```suggestion

== Create a Connection

Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

> include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]
```

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Click *New Connection*.
+
The *Create New Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page.
. In the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 
* *Connection Name*: A name for your connection using only alphanumeric characters.
* *Destination Type*: The third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 
* *Endpoint URL*: The endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.
. Click *Next*.
. On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps need only access tokens, while others also require a header key.
. Click *Test Connection* to ensure Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

> include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]
```

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Connection*.
+
The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 

. In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.*
. In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Test Connection*. When the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

=== Delete a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

> include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]
```

. Next to the connection you want to delete, click the *...* menu and select *Delete Connection*.
. A warning appears:
* If the connection is not in use, the warning confirms you want to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.
* If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>>. to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

== Manage Configurations

> After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify what kind of data to send to your third-party app, as well as the frequency of data transfers. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group, environment type, desired data type, and a destination.

Author: ```suggestion
After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify what kind of data to send to your third-party app, as well as the frequency of data transfers. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group, environment type, and a destination.

// add data type when traces return
```

=== Create a Configuration

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

. Click *New Configuration*.
+
The *Create New Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page.
. In the *General Information* page, enter the following information:
* *Configuration Name*: A name for your configuration using only alphanumeric characters.
* *Connection*: An existing connection that you configured.

> * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data

Author: ```suggestion
// * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data
```

. Click *Next*.
+
The *Business Group & Environment Type* page appears.
. In the *Select Business Group* section, select one of the following:
* *All business groups*: Data of the type you specified is sourced from all business groups in the organization.
* *Select a business group*: Data of the type you specified is sourced only from the business group you select.
. If you selected trace data as the data type, in the *Select Environment Type* section, select one of the following:
* Production
* Sandbox
* Design
. Click *Next*.
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

[[edit-configuration]]
=== Edit Configurations

> When you edit configurations, you can change names, connection types, and data scopes. You cannot change the data type. You must create a new configuration to change the data type.

Author: ```suggestion
When you edit configurations, you can change names, connection types, and data scopes. 

// You cannot change the data type. You must create a new configuration to change the data type. add back in when traces return
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

> include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]
```

. Next to the configuration you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Configuration*.
+
The *Edit Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page. 

. On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.* 
. In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Next*. 
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

=== Delete Configurations

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

> include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]
```

The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk.
//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify the frequency of data transfers. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

* An Anypoint Platform account with the (permission) and (permission) permissions
* The ability to create an access token for your third-party app

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]
include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

> 
> == Create a Connection
> 
> Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 

Author: ```suggestion
== Manage a Connection 

Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 

== Create a Connection
```

. Click *Test Connection* to ensure Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Connection*.
+
The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 

. In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.*
. In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Test Connection*. When the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

=== Delete a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

. Next to the connection you want to delete, click the *...* menu and select *Delete Connection*.
. A warning appears:
* If the connection is not in use, the warning confirms you want to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.

> * If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>>. to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

Author: ```suggestion
* If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.
```

== Manage Configurations

After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify what kind of data to send to your third-party app, as well as the frequency of data transfers. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group, environment type, and a destination.

// add data type when traces return

=== Create a Configuration

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-data-exporter.adoc[]

. Click *New Configuration*.
+
The *Create New Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page.
. In the *General Information* page, enter the following information:
* *Configuration Name*: A name for your configuration using only alphanumeric characters.
* *Connection*: An existing connection that you configured.
// * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data
. Click *Next*.
+
The *Business Group & Environment Type* page appears.
. In the *Select Business Group* section, select one of the following:

> * *All business groups*: Data of the type you specified is sourced from all business groups in the organization.
> * *Select a business group*: Data of the type you specified is sourced only from the business group you select.

Author: ```suggestion
* *All business groups*: Audit logs are sourced from all business groups in the organization.
* *Select a business group*: Audit logs are sourced only from the business group you select.
// audit logs are sourced -> data of the type you specified is sourced
```

> . If you selected trace data as the data type, in the *Select Environment Type* section, select one of the following:
> * Production
> * Sandbox
> * Design

Author: ```suggestion
```

. Click *Next*.
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

////
before the final *next*, add:
. If you selected trace data as the data type, in the *Select Environment Type* section, select one of the following:
* Production
* Sandbox
* Design
////

```

To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

* To create or modify connections, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission
* To create or modify configurations, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission
* Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`.
* The ability to create an instrumentation key or access token for your third-party app

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=eitherPermission]

> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

> = Export Anypoint Platform Data to Third-Party Apps

Author: ```suggestion
= Export Telemetry Data to Third-Party Monitoring Systems
```

The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk HEC.
//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

> To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must: 

Author: ```suggestion
To use the Telemetry Exporter, you must: 
```

> * Create a connection with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data

Reviewer: These need periods since they are sentences. I think I missed that in my edit.

> To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify the frequency of data transfers. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.

Reviewer 2: Configuration does not specify the frequency of data transfers. It specifies routing logic on which business group to export to which connections.

Author: ```suggestion
To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.
```

* Create a configuration to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections 

You can also edit and delete connections and configurations. 

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

> == Supported Third-Party Apps

Author: ```suggestion
== Supported Third-Party Monitoring Products
```

> * An Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator and Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permissions

Reviewer 2: We have to specify somewhere that you need Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission to create or modify Connections.

And, you need Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission to create or modify Configurations.

> * An Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator and Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permissions

Author: ```suggestion
* To create or modify connections, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission
* To create or modify configurations, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission
```

> The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:

Author: ```suggestion
The Telemetry Exporter enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:
```

> * Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints.  For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`.
```

> * Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token.
```

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=eitherPermission]
```

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

== Manage a Connection 

Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 

=== Create a Connection

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[connectionPermission]
```

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Click *New Connection*.
+
The *Create New Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page.
. In the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 
* *Connection Name*: A name for your connection using only alphanumeric characters.
* *Destination Type*: The third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 
* *Endpoint URL*: The endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.
. Click *Next*.
. On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps need only access tokens, while others also require a header key.
. Click *Test Connection* to ensure Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]
```

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Connection*.
+
The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 

. In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.*
. In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Test Connection*. When the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

=== Delete a Connection

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]
```

. Next to the connection you want to delete, click the *...* menu and select *Delete Connection*.
. A warning appears:
* If the connection is not in use, the warning confirms you want to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.
* If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

== Manage Configurations

After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify what kind of data to send to your third-party app, as well as the frequency of data transfers. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group, environment type, and a destination.

The Telemetry Exporter feature runs a service every hour to apply the changes for the configurations and connections, so once the configuration is created, it can take up to an hour for the configuration to be applied and start exporting data. 

// add data type when traces return

=== Create a Configuration

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]
```

After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a configuration to specify the scope of the audit logs to send to your third-party app. When you create a new configuration, specify a business group and destination. You can export audit logs from all of your business groups or a specific business group.
// when traces return, add data type specification and environment
// add data type when traces return

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

=== Create a Configuration

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

. Click *New Configuration*.

> . In the *General Information* page, enter the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
. On the *General Information* page, enter the following information:
```

* *Configuration Name*: Name for your configuration that uses only alphanumeric characters.
* *Connection*: Existing connection that you configured.
// * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data
. Click *Next*.
. In the *Select Business Group* section, select one of the following:
* *All business groups*: Audit logs are sourced from all business groups in the organization.
* *Select a business group*: Audit logs are sourced only from the selected business group.
// audit logs are sourced -> data of the type you specified is sourced
. Click *Next*.
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

////
before the final *next*, add:
. If you selected trace data as the data type, select the environment type:
* Production
* Sandbox
* Design
////

[[edit-configuration]]
=== Edit Configurations

> When you edit configurations, you can change names, connection types, and data scopes. 

Author: ```suggestion
When you edit configurations, you can change the configuration name and connection. If you want to modify the business group, you must create a new configuration.
```

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]
```

// You cannot change the data type. You must create a new configuration to change the data type. add back in when traces return

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

. Next to the configuration you want to edit, click *...* and select *Edit Configuration*.

> . On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*. 
```

> . In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*. 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> . In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*. 

Author: ```suggestion
. On the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, *Next*. 
```

. On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.* 
. In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Next*. 
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

=== Delete Configurations

> include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]
```

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

* To create or modify connections, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission
* To create or modify configurations, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission
* Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`.
* The ability to create an instrumentation key or access token for your third-party app

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=eitherPermission]

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

== Manage a Connection 

Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

You need the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission to manage connections.

```

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

. Next to the connection you want to delete, click the *...* menu and select *Delete Connection*.
. A warning appears:
* If the connection is not in use, the warning confirms you want to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.
* If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

== Manage Configurations

After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify what kind of data to send to your third-party app, as well as the frequency of data transfers. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group, environment type, and a destination.

The Telemetry Exporter feature runs a service every hour to apply the changes for the configurations and connections, so once the configuration is created, it can take up to an hour for the configuration to be applied and start exporting data. 

> 

Author: You need the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission to manage configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
You need the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission to manage configurations.
```

= Export Anypoint Platform Data to Third-Party Apps

> The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk HEC.

Reviewer: Do you have to keep calling this a feature? Can you just say "The Telemetry Exporter enables you to..."?

Author: If I want to capitalize it, which I do, yes. Unless we removed that rule.

Reviewer: See my Slack message.

Author: ```suggestion
The Telemetry Exporter enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk HEC.
```

//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

> To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations. 

Reviewer: I suggest using bullets:
To use the Telemetry Exporter feature:
* Create a connection...
* Create a configuration...

Reviewer: Also, I think you are overusing italics. They are not necessary, since you are not introducing the terms connection and configuration in this topic.

Author: They're being introduced in the context of the feature, which is why I did that, but I'll remove it.

Author: ```suggestion
To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must: 

* Create a connection with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data
* Create a configuration to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections 

You can also edit and delete connections and configurations. 
```

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Supported Third-Party Apps

> The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints and allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token. Azure Monitor and Splunk HEC are also compatible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints and that allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token. Azure Monitor and Splunk HEC are also compatible. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe use bullets here to break up the long sentence.

The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:

* Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints
* Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token

Author: ```suggestion
The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:
* Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints.  For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`
* Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token 

Azure Monitor and Splunk HEC are also compatible. 
```

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

> * To create or modify connections, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission

Reviewer: As written, this does not follow the lead-in. Maybe flip it around:
* Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission, so you can create and modify connections
* Telemetry Manager permission, so you can...

Author: ```suggestion
* Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission, so you can create or modify connections
```

> * To create or modify configurations, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission

Author: ```suggestion
* Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission, so you can create or modify configurations
```

> * Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`.

Reviewer: The example seems out of place here.

Author: ```suggestion
* Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint
```

* The ability to create an instrumentation key or access token for your third-party app

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=eitherPermission]

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

== Manage a Connection 

Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. You can configure up to 10 connections.

> You need the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission to manage connections.

Reviewer: At the top of this topic, you said what permissions are needed for certain actions. I don't think that you need to repeat that information here or later.

Author: ```suggestion
```

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

=== Create a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Click *New Connection*.
+

> The *Create New Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page.

Reviewer: Global: Delete lines like this. Saying what screen appears is usually not needed.

> +
> The *Create New Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> . In the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 

Reviewer: In > On ? (I don't remember what our style is and can't find it. On sounds better to me.)

Author: ```suggestion
. On the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 
```

> * *Connection Name*: A name for your connection using only alphanumeric characters and hyphens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Connection Name*: Name for your connection, using only alphanumeric characters and hyphens.
```

> * *Connection Name*: A name for your connection using only alphanumeric characters and hyphens.

Reviewer: Kim always had us use this format when we described a field. It makes the text more skimmable. 

Connection Name
+
Name for your connection, using only 
alphanumeric characters and hyphens.

You can also use a table.

> * *Destination Type*: The third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Destination Type*: Third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 
```

> * *Endpoint URL*: The endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Endpoint URL*: Endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.
```

. Click *Next*.

> . On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps need only access tokens, while others also require a header key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps require only access tokens, while others also require a header key.
```

> . Click *Test Connection* to ensure Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Test Connection* to ensure that Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
```

. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

. Click the *Connections* tab.

> . Next to the connection you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Connection*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click *...* and select *Edit Connection*.
```

+
The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 

> . In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*.
```

> . In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Test Connection*. When the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Test Connection*.
.  If the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.
```

> . In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Test Connection*. When the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Test Connection*. 
. If the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.
```

=== Delete a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

> . Next to the connection you want to delete, click the *...* menu and select *Delete Connection*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to the connection you want to delete, click *...* and select *Delete Connection*.
```

. A warning appears:

> * If the connection is not in use, the warning confirms you want to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the connection is not in use, the warning asks whether to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.
```

> * If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the connection is in use, the warning states that you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.
```

== Manage Configurations

> After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify the scope of the audit logs to send to your third-party app. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group and a destination. You can export audit logs from all of your business groups or a specific business group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify the scope of the audit logs to send to your third-party app. When you create a new configuration, specify a business group and destination. You can export audit logs from all of your business groups or a specific business group.
```

// when traces return, add data type specification and environment

> You need the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission to manage configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
```

// add data type when traces return

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

=== Create a Configuration

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

. Click *New Configuration*.
+
The *Create New Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page.
. In the *General Information* page, enter the following information:

> * *Configuration Name*: A name for your configuration using only alphanumeric characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Configuration Name*: Name for your configuration that uses only alphanumeric characters.
```

> * *Connection*: An existing connection that you configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Connection*: Existing connection that you configured.
```

// * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data
. Click *Next*.
+
The *Business Group & Environment Type* page appears.
. In the *Select Business Group* section, select one of the following:
* *All business groups*: Audit logs are sourced from all business groups in the organization.

> * *Select a business group*: Audit logs are sourced only from the business group you select.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Select a business group*: Audit logs are sourced only from the selected business group.
```

// audit logs are sourced -> data of the type you specified is sourced
. Click *Next*.
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

////
before the final *next*, add:

> . If you selected trace data as the data type, in the *Select Environment Type* section, select one of the following:

Reviewer: Can you just say "If you selected trace data as the data type,  select the environment type"?

Author: This is commented out for now. The release was split at the last minute, and this will be added in a couple of weeks. (but also yes)

Author: ```suggestion
. If you selected trace data as the data type, select the environment type:
```

* Production
* Sandbox
* Design
////

[[edit-configuration]]
=== Edit Configurations

When you edit configurations, you can change names, connection types, and data scopes. 

// You cannot change the data type. You must create a new configuration to change the data type. add back in when traces return

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

> . Next to the configuration you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Configuration*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to the configuration you want to edit, click *...* and select *Edit Configuration*.
```

+
The *Edit Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page. 

> . On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next.* 
```

> . In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Next*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*. 
```

. Click *Save Configuration*. 

=== Delete Configurations

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

> . Next to the configuration you want to delete, click the *...* menu and select *Delete Connection*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to the configuration you want to delete, click *...* and select *Delete Connection*.
```

+

> A warning appears, confirming you want to delete the configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning appears that confirms whether you want to delete the configuration. 
```

//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must create a _connection_ with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data. You must then create a _configuration_ to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections. You can also edit and delete connections and configurations.

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

* To create or modify connections, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission
* To create or modify configurations, an Anypoint Platform account with the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission
* Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`.
* The ability to create an instrumentation key or access token for your third-party app

> 

Author: // add pricing requirement

Reviewer: These bullets need periods since you use them in line 22. If you remove the example in that line, you   don't need them.

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=eitherPermission]

include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

== Manage a Connection 

Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. 

You need the Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission to manage connections.

=== Create a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[connectionPermission]

> 
> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Click *New Connection*.
+
The *Create New Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page.
. In the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 
* *Connection Name*: A name for your connection using only alphanumeric characters.
* *Destination Type*: The third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 
* *Endpoint URL*: The endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.
. Click *Next*.
. On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps need only access tokens, while others also require a header key.
. Click *Test Connection* to ensure Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

> 
> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Connection*.
+
The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 

. In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.*
. In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Test Connection*. When the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

=== Delete a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

> 
> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

* If the connection is in use, the warning states you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

== Manage Configurations

After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify what kind of data to send to your third-party app, as well as the frequency of data transfers. When you create a new configuration, you specify a business group, environment type, and a destination.

The Telemetry Exporter feature runs a service every hour to apply the changes for the configurations and connections, so once the configuration is created, it can take up to an hour for the configuration to be applied and start exporting data. 
You need the Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission to manage configurations.
// add data type when traces return

=== Create a Configuration

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

> 
> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

* *Configuration Name*: A name for your configuration using only alphanumeric characters.
* *Connection*: An existing connection that you configured.
// * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data
. Click *Next*.
+
The *Business Group & Environment Type* page appears.
. In the *Select Business Group* section, select one of the following:
* *All business groups*: Audit logs are sourced from all business groups in the organization.
* *Select a business group*: Audit logs are sourced only from the business group you select.
// audit logs are sourced -> data of the type you specified is sourced
. Click *Next*.
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

////
before the final *next*, add:
. If you selected trace data as the data type, in the *Select Environment Type* section, select one of the following:
* Production
* Sandbox
* Design
////

[[edit-configuration]]
=== Edit Configurations

When you edit configurations, you can change names, connection types, and data scopes. 

// You cannot change the data type. You must create a new configuration to change the data type. add back in when traces return

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

. Next to the configuration you want to edit, click the *...* menu and select *Edit Configuration*.
+
The *Edit Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page. 

. On the *General Information* page, edit each field you want to change, and then click *Next.* 
. In the *Business Group & Environment Type* page, edit each field you want to change, then click *Next*. 
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

=== Delete Configurations

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

> 
> include::partial$include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
```

= Export Telemetry Data to Third-Party Monitoring Systems

The Telemetry Exporter enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk HEC.
//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

To use the Telemetry Exporter, you must: 

* Create a connection with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data

> * Create a configuration to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections 

Author: ```suggestion
* Create a connection with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data.
* Create a configuration to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections.
```

You can also edit and delete connections and configurations. 
include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=auditLogDuplicates]

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Supported Third-Party Monitoring Products

The Telemetry Exporter enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:

> * Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`
> * Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token 

Author: ```suggestion
* Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints. For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`.
* Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token.
```

You can also edit and delete connections and configurations. 

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Supported Third-Party Apps

The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:
* Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints.  For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`
* Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token 

Azure Monitor and Splunk HEC are also compatible. 

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

* Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission, so you can create or modify connections
* Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission, so you can create or modify configurations
* Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint
* The ability to create an instrumentation key or access token for your third-party app

> 

Author: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Integration Advanced package or a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform

```

= Export Anypoint Platform Data to Third-Party Apps

The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to export xref:access-management::audit-logging.adoc[_audit logs_] to third-party observability and analytics apps, such as Azure Monitor, Datadog, and Splunk HEC.
//trace data should be a link once the topic exists

To use the Telemetry Exporter feature, you must: 

* Create a connection with a third-party app to authorize Anypoint Platform to share data
* Create a configuration to specify which business groups allow content to be exported to connections 

You can also edit and delete connections and configurations. 

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

// add back to configs: "configuration to specify the types of data Anypoint Platform exports as well as..."

== Supported Third-Party Apps

> The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:

Author: ```suggestion
The Telemetry Exporter feature enables you to create connections with most third-party observability and analytics apps that:

```

* Have OpenTelemetry-supported endpoints.  For example, the endpoint URL for Azure Monitor is `https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track`
* Allow you to create an instrumentation key or access token 

Azure Monitor and Splunk HEC are also compatible. 

== Before You Begin

Before you configure the Telemetry Exporter feature, ensure that you have:

* Telemetry Exporter Administrator permission, so you can create or modify connections
* Telemetry Exporter Configuration Manager permission, so you can create or modify configurations
* Access information for your third-party app, including the OpenTelemetry-supported endpoint
* The ability to create an instrumentation key or access token for your third-party app
* Anypoint Integration Advanced package or a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform

== Access Telemetry Exporter

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=eitherPermission]

You can switch between the *Configurations* and *Connections* tabs to create, edit, or view data configurations and connections to third-party apps.

== Manage a Connection 

> Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a _connection_ with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. You can configure up to 10 connections.

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform needs permission to send data to third-party apps. Create a connection with a third-party app, such as New Relic or Splunk, to authorize data transfers. You can configure up to 10 connections.
```

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Click *New Connection*.
. On the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 
* *Connection Name*: Name for your connection, using only alphanumeric characters and hyphens.
* *Destination Type*: Third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 
* *Endpoint URL*: Endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.
. Click *Next*.
. On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps require only access tokens, while others also require a header key.
. Click *Test Connection* to ensure that Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click *...* and select *Edit Connection*.
+
The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 

> . In the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*.
> . In the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Test Connection*. 

Author: ```suggestion
. On the *Connection Details* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Next*.
. On the *Authentication* page, edit each field you want to change and click *Test Connection*. 
```

. If the connection is successful, click *Save Connection*.

=== Delete a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

. Next to the connection you want to delete, click *...* and select *Delete Connection*.
. A warning appears:
* If the connection is not in use, the warning asks whether to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.
* If the connection is in use, the warning states that you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

== Manage Configurations

> After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a _configuration_ to specify the scope of the audit logs to send to your third-party app. When you create a new configuration, specify a business group and destination. You can export audit logs from all of your business groups or a specific business group.

Author: ```suggestion
After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a configuration to specify the scope of the audit logs to send to your third-party app. When you create a new configuration, specify a business group and destination. You can export audit logs from all of your business groups or a specific business group.
```

=== Create a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Click *New Connection*.
. On the *Connection Details* page, enter the following information: 
* *Connection Name*: Name for your connection, using only alphanumeric characters and hyphens.
* *Destination Type*: Third-party app to which you want to transfer data. 
* *Endpoint URL*: Endpoint that enables external connections to your third-party app. The location of this endpoint depends on your app.
. Click *Next*.
. On the *Authentication* page, enter the information needed to authenticate your app. Some apps require only access tokens, while others also require a header key.
. Click *Test Connection* to ensure that Anypoint Platform can connect to your third-party app.
. Click *Save Connection*. 
+
The new connection appears in the *Connections* tab on the *Telemetry Exporter* page.

=== Edit a Connection

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=connectionPermission]

. Click the *Connections* tab.
. Next to the connection you want to edit, click *...* and select *Edit Connection*.

> +
> The *Edit Connection* interface appears, showing the *Connection Details* page. 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

. Next to the connection you want to delete, click *...* and select *Delete Connection*.
. A warning appears:
* If the connection is not in use, the warning asks whether to delete the connection. Click *Delete Connection*.
* If the connection is in use, the warning states that you must delete or redirect connections for any configurations that use the connection. Click *Dismiss*, and then <<edit-configuration,edit your configurations>> to use other existing connections before deleting the current connection.

== Manage Configurations

After you create a connection to a third-party app, you must create a configuration to specify the scope of the audit logs to send to your third-party app. When you create a new configuration, specify a business group and destination. You can export audit logs from all of your business groups or a specific business group.
// when traces return, add data type specification and environment
// add data type when traces return

include::partial$telemetry-exporter-notes.adoc[tag=hourDelay]

=== Create a Configuration

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

. Click *New Configuration*.

> +
> The *Create New Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page.

Author: ```suggestion
```

. In the *General Information* page, enter the following information:
* *Configuration Name*: Name for your configuration that uses only alphanumeric characters.
* *Connection*: Existing connection that you configured.
// * *Data Type*: Audit logs or trace data
. Click *Next*.

> +
> The *Business Group & Environment Type* page appears.

Author: ```suggestion
```

. In the *Select Business Group* section, select one of the following:
* *All business groups*: Audit logs are sourced from all business groups in the organization.
* *Select a business group*: Audit logs are sourced only from the selected business group.
// audit logs are sourced -> data of the type you specified is sourced
. Click *Next*.
. Click *Save Configuration*. 

////
before the final *next*, add:
. If you selected trace data as the data type, select the environment type:
* Production
* Sandbox
* Design
////

[[edit-configuration]]
=== Edit Configurations

When you edit configurations, you can change names, connection types, and data scopes. 

// You cannot change the data type. You must create a new configuration to change the data type. add back in when traces return

include::partial$include-nav-steps-telemetry-permissions.adoc[tag=configurationPermission]

. Next to the configuration you want to edit, click *...* and select *Edit Configuration*.

> +
> The *Edit Configuration* interface appears, showing the *General Information* page. 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
